"Great work, Doctor Kim."
"I was able to save the patient, thanks to you."
It looks like he beat you to it.
They make a better couple than I thought.
Shall we make a toast too?
It's true.
Do you still not believe it?
Fine.
I'm not going to deny something I witnessed myself,
but I still can't acknowledge it.
I'll think about this though.
"There are things that science can't prove right now."
"Is it okay to consider them false?"
Gosh, this is quite motivating.
All right. I will prove it all to you even scientifically.
That's pretty.
You look much prettier when you smile.
- You came here yourself? - Yes.
It's a special order from the director. Be careful.
- From my dad? - How is he related to the patient?
Who is he? Why would the director care so much about him?
Who is he?
You should ask my dad.
I'm curious what he'd say.
Please take good care of him.
That depends on how you behave.
Go to the hospital first.
I'll come see you after work.
Have a good day, Dr. Song.
- Okay. See you later. - All right.
See you.
Hello?
What?
- We have a problem. - What do you mean?
Is there a problem with Mr. Park Soo Bong?
It's not that.
Mom!
What? Do you want me to feed you?
Goodness.
You must be confused.
My mom always takes things too far.
I'll take care of it now.
Mom, what's the matter with you?
This is a clear invasion of privacy.
Gosh, let go of me.
She'll get sick protecting her privacy.
She has such great responsibilities. She should at least sleep well.
Mom.
Is this too much?
Of course, it is.
A favor that one didn't ask for is not a favor.
No.
Thank you.
It's okay, right?
I'm glad.
I didn't buy these. I made them myself...
so you can sleep comfortably.
Move over.
Would you try lying down?
Oh, dear.
You must be thinking of your mother.
I know that face too.
That's the face...
I see every day in the mirror.
Can I give you a hug?
I also...
lost a child.
I'd like to give you a hug.
- Did you send your car away? - Yes.
Wait here. I'll get mine.
- Thank you. - I should thank you.
You accepted my gifts without complaint.
Sleep well, and don't skip your meals.
- Okay. - And...
visit me at home one day.
I'm actually not too bad a cook.
- But ma'am. - Yes?
Thank you for the bedding and curtains.
But could you let me pay for...
the bed and drawers?
The bed and drawers?
Yes.
- I didn't buy those. - Pardon?
Gosh, that's hot.
Of course, we bought them.
With our preciously tiny budget.
We took you seriously when you said...
not to buy you anything.
I brought you on board,
but I didn't think you'd stay for long.
- But... - It was my idea.
You work day and night.
You can't sleep on the floor in a sleeping bag.
Do that, and your back will kill you when you're my age.
That, and I got the impression that...
you'd be staying for a while.
What? Are you displeased?
Are you still trying to go back?
No. I like being on the hospital ship.
Right? I thought you did.
Is something bothering you?
Not really.
Your expression says otherwise.
I should get going.
Not now. Stay for dinner.
We're cooking something that'll bring home the daughters-in-law.
- What? - We're grilling gizzard shads.
Doctor Kwak went to buy some. He won't be long.
Eat with us, then leave.
It's almost time for my shift. Enjoy your meal.
She rarely gets to eat on time.
She might end up sick herself.
I haven't seen her take a break at all this month.
I think it's because of the debt.
Half her salary is seized before she even gets paid.
That goes to the bank.
I think she's dealing with loan sharks this time.
What? Loan sharks?
Five-car pile-up on Route 14.
Patients are incoming.
Bruises and neck fracture.
- Let's move it. - Do you hear me?
Zone A, get a CT of his respiratory system.
Check vitals, and get a head CT. Go to Zone A.
Full-body burns!
Take him to the burns unit.
Move it. He's fading.
1, 2, 3, 4. 1, 2, 3.
- Swap with me. - Okay.
150 joules. Clear.
1, 2,
- 200 joules. - 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.
Clear.
02:52.
The patient is dead.
- Call his guardian. - Okay.
If that's not it, is it about your mom?
Because I couldn't save her?
Isn't that obvious?
If you were me,
would you be able to not hate me?
Okay, that'll do.
What's this? Why is he bleeding?
It's you, not him.
Don't lean back.
The bloodcould block your airway.
Do you want to suffocate?
What surgeon doesn't know that?
[VIU Ver] Episode 18 Hospital Ship "Do You Like Him?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Are you okay?
You wouldn't be.
- What are you doing? - Just come with me.
What are you doing?
I knew my dad was merciless,
but this is just too much.
How could he put a doctor through so much?
Doctor.
- Doctor Kim. - 15 minutes.
That's how long a cycle lasts.
From the day my mom came in until today,
you didn't take a day off.
And today, you even performed a tough operation.
If you work so hard without a break,
even healthy men collapse out of exhaustion.
Empty your mind,
and for just 15 minutes, let...
She's resting already.
You're here.
Today, do you...
Why are you up?
I was working on something.
What's that?
I got this in the mail today.
It's from Doctor Song Eun Jae.
Will you answer them?
As best I can.
Doctor Song...
always brings you back to me.
But I...
took her mother...
away from her.
But I can't give up.
I just can't.
You shouldn't give up.
Until the last moment, a doctor...
must never give up on his patient.
Because from that moment,
you are no longer a doctor.
- You're early today. - I woke early.
- Did you sleep well? - What's he doing here?
To get things for the hospital.
Thank you.
I came to thank you too.
Thank you for taking care of Pops.
You shouldn't be thanking me.
Family members help each other out.
- I'm off. - Where's breakfast?
Do you want it now?
Can he stay as well?
- So... - Dad...
Are you two telepathic this morning?
- Go ahead. - No, you first.
You first. Don't make me repeat myself.
- It's about Doctor Song. - Okay.
She works too hard in the ER.
So what? Are you complaining?
Will you protest against a ruthless employer?
No, that's not it.
I didn't tell her to work so hard.
- She wanted to. - She wanted to?
She seems to have a problem.
- A problem? - Money problems, I think.
Over half of her salary is seized every month.
Do you want to take care of it?
- Me? - What do you mean?
I don't know what happened,
but Doctor Song doesn't seem like the type to get into trouble.
I think it's a family issue.
We could sort it out for her.
Honey, are you saying...
What do you think about her?
I would like to welcome her into our family.
You can't say something like that out of the blue.
- Why? Do you disapprove? - No, I don't, but...
shouldn't we ask what he thinks?
What a day.
What do you mean?
Dad and I agree on something for once.
- Hey. - Will you try?
Yes, with all my might.
Then let's invite her over.
- Why are you so rushed? - So is it a yes or a no?
It's a yes, okay? Yes.
- Who is it? - I'm from the hospital ship.
- It won't take long. - Okay.
I'm from the hospital ship. Is anyone home?
- Did you finish your medicine? - Yes.
How do you feel now?
- Are you breathing easier? - Yes.
Good. I'll listen to your heart.
Where does it hurt, ma'am?
My knees are killing me.
Oh dear.
Don't you worry. I'll take the pain all away.
It will sting a bit.
- What's going on? - I don't know.
What brings you here?
You're so kind today.
Did you eat something bad?
What do you mean? Being kind is good.
We only live once.
My goodness.
- You don't have to see me out. - Take care, doctor.
- Goodbye. - I won't go far.
- Take this. - You don't have to.
It's okay. Share it with the others.
I saw you take the bribe.
You'll share, won't you?
What time do you start at the ER today?
I don't work today.
Then...
shall we have dinner together? I have something to say.
Sorry, I can't. I have an important appointment.
Over here.
Sorry for being late.
I got here early. Please, sit.
Why did you ask to see me?
Take your time. Have some tea first.
(Woo Jae)
Take it. It could be urgent.
No, I don't need to. I'll call back later.
(Power off)
Hello?
Yes, this is the hospital ship dorm.
She isn't in. Who's calling?
Who?
The phone has been turned off. Please leave a message.
Would you not like to move back to Seoul to work?
How about Sewoon Hospital?
It's nothing like Seoul Daehan Hospital,
but it's one of the top five hospitals in Korea.
Think about it.
I'll pull some strings.
How? What are your strings?
My dad's older brother is on the board.
It won't be hard. He likes me a lot.
You're being too generous.
I'm not being generous. I'm doing this for myself.
Is it a win-win?
I get a woman out of Hyun's sight,
and you get a job at a major hospital.
I should get going.
- Is that a no? - Yes.
What's your reason?
Why do you want to stay on a shabby ship?
Watch what you say.
To the islanders, this ship is their savior.
- Is that why you want to stay? - That's right.
Do you want to stay on the hospital ship...
or stay near Hyun?
Answer me.
- Do you like him? - Yes.
What did you say?
Is that really true?
Of course.
If I had plans...
to include love in my life,
Doctor Kwak would be on the other end.
What do you mean?
You should be relieved that...
I'm not interested in love.
Why aren't you interested in love?
Must I explain?
We aren't close enough for me to explain.
- What's the current situation? - What happened?
Will the patient survive?
Please answer us.
- How's the patient? - My goodness.
- Are you okay? - Woo Jae.
- Move out of the way. - Woo Jae.
Wake up.
About 12 were rescued, and 3 are missing.
The search continues.
We'll call and find out the details.
Reporter Seo.
- How much is it? - Today at 5pm...
Are you drinking again?
At the site...
Why do you drink so much every day?
How much is it?
Just give me 10 dollars.
Oh Hee Jung, a 42-year-old labor worker.
Song Woo Jae, a 28-year-old student, Jang Seok Nam, a 45-year-old...
Lee Sang Gu, a 47-year-old labor worker.
Could you raise the volume, sir?
- What? - Please hurry.
Okay, I will.
Song Woo Jae, a 28-year-old student, Jang Seok Nam, a 45-year-old...
Woo Jae?
Lee Sang Gu, a 47-year-old labor worker.
(Joocha Market)
We have an ER patient.
- We have another patient. - Please make way.
I got a call. I'm looking for Song Woo Jae.
Are you his guardian? Ask someone over there.
(Woo Jae)
The number you have dialed is not available at this moment.
Please hurry, sir.
Please hurry.
Are you conscious?
Can you hear me?
Please wake up.
- We need help over here. - Please wake up.
(Hospital Ship)
- Doctor Song. - Mom dated Dad...
since she was 20.
Look how he turned out in the end.
Do you still want to love?
You can love Dr. Song as much as you want...
only when I've disappeared from this world.
It's a family gathering.
You're invited, Dr. Song.
Do you want to marry me?
We need someone to inherit the hospital from my dad.
Let's do it.